<!---

TASK LIST:

  * Use cp -rf *.* to copy all of the files and directories in this repository
    to the starter repository for this assignment
  * Change into the directory for the starer repository
  * Update the header (e.g., #) to only give the name of the assignment
  * Update the first paragraph to include the commented-out content
  * Change the link in the # Problems section to point to this lab's starter
  * Create the assignment in the GitHub Classroom, noting the URL
  * Test the assignment by accepting it with your own GitHub account
  * Check to ensure that your GitHub repository is created correctly
  * Share the assignment link with all of the students using email or Slack

PROBLEMS?

  * Contact Gregory M. Kapfhammer by email or Slack
  * Raise an issue in the GitHub repository for this assignment

-->

# cs280-F2017-lab7-starter

Designed for use with [GitHub Classroom](https://classroom.github.com/), this
repository contains the starter for Laboratory 6 in Computer Science 280. You
will use this repository to review the contributions that you and your team
members made when addressing all of the issues in the issue tracker for the three
projects that you complete for this assignment.

## Travis

This assignment uses [Travis CI](https://travis-ci.com/) to automatically check
your writing for this repository. The checking will start as soon as you have
accepted the assignment, thus creating your own private repository, and the
course instructor enables Travis for it. If you are using Travis for the first
time, you will need to authorize Travis CI to access the private repositories
that you created on GitHub.

## Problems

If you have found a problem with this assignment's provided source code, then
you can go to the [Computer Science 280 Lab 5
Starter](https://github.com/Allegheny-Computer-Science-280-F2017/cs280-F2017-lab7-starter)
repository and create an issue by clicking the "Issues" tab and then clicking
the green "New Issue" button. To ensure that your issue is properly resolved,
please provide as many details as is possible about the problem that you
experienced. If you discover a problem with the laboratory assignment sheet,
then please raise an issue in the
[cs280-F2017-lab-sheets](https://github.com/Allegheny-Computer-Science-280-F2017/cs280-F2017-lab-sheets)
repository and mention this assignment.

Students who find, and use the appropriate GitHub issue tracker to correctly
document, a mistake in any aspect of this laboratory assignment will receive
free laptop stickers and extra credit towards their grade for it.

## Assistance

If you are having trouble completing any part of this project, then please talk
with the course instructor. Alternatively, you may ask questions in the Slack
team for this course. Finally, you can schedule a meeting during the course
instructor's office hours.
